Lorem Khaled Ipsum is a major key to success. The key to success is to keep your head above the water, never give up. A major key, never panic. Don’t panic, when it gets crazy and rough, don’t panic, stay calm. The weather is amazing, walk with me through the pathway of more success. Take this journey with me, Lion! The other day the grass was brown, now it’s green because I ain’t give up. Never surrender. Cloth talk. The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. How’s business? Boomin.

We don’t see them, we will never see them. In life you have to take the trash out, if you have trash in your life, take it out, throw it away, get rid of it, major key. The key to success is to keep your head above the water, never give up. We don’t see them, we will never see them. Let’s see what Chef Dee got that they don’t want us to eat. Let me be clear, you have to make it through the jungle to make it to paradise, that’s the key, Lion!

They don’t want us to eat. The ladies always say Khaled you smell good, I use no cologne. Cocoa butter is the key. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! Bless up. You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed. Cloth talk. The first of the month is coming, we have to get money, we have no choice. It cost money to eat and they don’t want you to eat. The key is to enjoy life, because they don’t want you to enjoy life. I promise you, they don’t want you to jetski, they don’t want you to smile.

The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. Eliptical talk. You see the hedges, how I got it shaped up? It’s important to shape up your hedges, it’s like getting a haircut, stay fresh. You do know, you do know that they don’t want you to have lunch. I’m keeping it real with you, so what you going do is have lunch. The key is to drink coconut, fresh coconut, trust me. Bless up. How’s business? Boomin.
